# StaticSharp

Extension for fascilitating StaticSharp-based web sites development. 
The extesnsion is accessible via dedicated view contaier in activity bar (left side bar, below Explorer, Search etc.).
*Currently the extension uses ProjectMap.json file generated by Roslyn source generator installed with StaticSharp.ProjectMapSg nuget*

Features:

* Create new StaticSharp project
	When no folder is open or opened folder is empty, press "Create new project", set up new project params as requested, after project is created restore nuget packages (dotnet restore).
	    *The feature uses StaticSharp.Templates nuget package for project templating. If package is missing it will be installed*

* View project map
	When StaticSharp project is open three views are available: Routes, Pages and Resources. Page is highlighted with read if it has errors, currently if its C# definition does not match file location and name. Route is highlighted with read if it is inconsistent, currently if any of its pages has errors. Resources are displayed only for consistent routes.
	
* Routes manipulations
	1. Add child route - add route with a suingle default page
	2. Add page - add a page, select language out of set up languages
	3. Rename - correct route rename (rename folders, files, classes and namespaces).
		*Works correct for pages with one corrent namespace and one correct class per file, also correctly named and placed. Otherwise - no changes*
	4. Drag and drop - route place in hierarchy can be edited with dragging route to a new parent route
		*Same as rename do changes for fully correct pages only*
	
* Pages manipulation
    1. Add page - same as via Routes view
    2. Delete page
    3. Fix page definition - if page file name/path does not match page C# definition, attempt to rename class and namespace to make them match
        *Rename class, rename file-scoped namespace, rename page-containing namespace definition in page is the only class, move page class to a correct namespace otherwise*
    4. Fix page definition - if page file name/path does not match page C# definition, move and rename page file to make them match

	